<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE chapter PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.2//EN"
                 "http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.2/docbookx.dtd">

<chapter os="win;linux">
<title>Compilation</title>

<para>Yabause is written in C using the SDL and OpenGL libraries,
so you need a working C compiler (such as gcc) and these
libraries runtime and development packages:
<itemizedlist>
	<listitem>
	<para>SDL can be found in the download section of the
        <ulink url="http://www.libsdl.org/">SDL web site</ulink>.</para>
	</listitem>
	<listitem>
	<para os="win">OpenGL should be included with your compiler, if it isn't,
    check on your compiler's website for links.</para>
	<para os="linux">OpenGL should be included with your distribution, if it isn't,
    check on your distribution's website for links.</para>
	</listitem>
	<listitem os="linux">
	<para>Yabause can also use the 
        <ulink url="http://www.gtk.org/">GTK library</ulink>.</para>
	</listitem>
</itemizedlist>
</para>

<para>Once these libraries installed, you should be ready to
install Yabause.</para>

<para os="win">
Unfortunately, I've been having some trouble getting configure
working properly with mingw and cygwin, so instead I've written
a makefile (<filename>src\makefile.mng</filename>) for compiling using mingw which
can be called by typing: <command>make -f makefile.mng</command> in the src
subdirectory.</para>
<note os="win">If anyone feels like fixing this, let me know. Visual C++
support should be available soon.</note>

<para os="linux"> You just have to uncompress the Yabause source archive,
move to the newly created directory, type <command>./configure</command>,
then <command>make</command>, it will generate
one program: <filename>yabause</filename> in the <filename>src</filename> directory.
</para>

<para os="linux">You can also pass the <command>--enable-debug</command>,
<command>--enable-vdp1-debug</command>,
<command>--enable-cd-debug</command> options to the configure script, Yabause
will then print debug messages on the error standard output.</para>

<para os="linux">If you want to use the optionnal gtk interface, you have to
pass the <command>--with-gtk</command> option to the configure script. The
gtk interface can cause flickering and other random behaviors.</para>

<para os="linux">You can even type <command>make install</command> to install that program on
your system (in <filename>/usr/local/</filename> by default), then uninstalling is
done by typing <command>make uninstall</command>.</para>

</chapter>
