<section>
<title>Compilation</title>

<para>Yabause is written in C++ using the SDL and OpenGL libraries,
so you need a working C++ compiler (as g++) and the above
libraries runtime and development packages:
<itemizedlist mark="bullet">
	<listitem>
	<para>you can find SDL at <ulink url="http://www.libsdl.org/">http://www.libsdl.org/</ulink>
	in the download section.</para>
	</listitem>
	<listitem>
	<para>OpenGL should be included with your compiler, if it isn't,
    check on your distribution's website for links.</para>
	</listitem>
	<listitem>
	<para>Yabause can also use the <ulink url="http://www.gtk.org/">GTK library</ulink>.</para>
	</listitem>
</itemizedlist>
</para>

<para>Once these libraries installed, you should be ready to
install Yabause.</para>

<para>Uncompress the Yabause source archive, move to the newly
created directory, type "./configure", then "make",
it will generate one program: "yabause" in the "src"
directory.</para>

<para>You can also pass the --enable-debug, --enable-vdp1-debug,
--enable-cd-debug options to the configure script, Yabause
will then print debug messages on the error standard output.</para>

<para>You can even type "make install" to install that program on
your system (in /usr/local/ by def</para>

</section>

<section>
<title>Using Yabause</title>

<para>The first requirement is a Saturn ROM BIOS image (hence a Sega
Saturn). Please don't ask us where to get one.</para>

<para>Execute "yabause". If yabause was compiled with gtk, the
program should open a window with a menu. Use the
"Open BIOS..." menu entry to choose your bios file.</para>

<para>You can also set a cdrom device with the "Open CDROM..." entry.</para>

<para>Once the BIOS file is choosen, you can start emulation with
the "run" entry.</para>

<para>Here are the current key mappings(they may be subject to change):

<simplelist type="horiz" columns="2">
	<member><keycap>e</keycap></member><member>Up</member>
	<member><keycap>s</keycap></member><member>Left</member>
	<member><keycap>d</keycap></member><member>Down</member>
	<member><keycap>f</keycap></member><member>Right</member>
	<member><keycap>k</keycap></member><member>A button</member>
	<member><keycap>l</keycap></member><member>B button</member>
	<member><keycap>m</keycap></member><member>C button</member>
	<member><keycap>u</keycap></member><member>X button</member>
	<member><keycap>i</keycap></member><member>Y button</member>
	<member><keycap>o</keycap></member><member>Z button</member>
	<member><keycap>x</keycap></member><member>Left Trigger</member>
	<member><keycap>z</keycap></member><member>Right Trigger</member>
	<member><keycap>j</keycap></member><member>Start button</member>
	<member><keycap>h</keycap></member><member>Hide/show gtk interface</member>
	<member><keycap>q</keycap></member><member>Quit program</member>
</simplelist>

</para>

</section>