<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE chapter PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.2//EN"
                 "http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.2/docbookx.dtd">

<chapter os="win;linux">
<title>Using Yabause</title>

<para>The first requirement is a Saturn ROM BIOS image (hence a Sega
Saturn). Please don't ask us where to get one. </para>

<section>
<title>Graphical user interface</title>
</section>

<para os="win">
<para>Execute <command>yabause</command>. The program will open a settings window.</para>

<para>The Disc Type setting allows you to be choose whether you'd
like to use a real cdrom or a cdrom image of the game you're
trying to run.</para>

<para>The Cue/Iso File setting allows you to specify the location
of your Saturn game's cdrom image.</para>

<para>The Drive Letter setting is for you to be able to choose which
cdrom drive you want yabause to use when trying to boot a game.</para>

<para>The Region setting allows you to choose which region of game
you'll be booting. In most cases, it's best to leave it as
"Auto-detect".</para>

<para>The Bios ROM File setting allows you to specify the location
of your Saturn ROM BIOS image. This setting -must- be set to a
valid Saturn ROM BIOS in order for yabause to operate
correctly.</para>

<para>The Backup RAM File setting allows you to specify the location
of the Backup RAM file. This file allows yabause to store and
load save games.</para>

<para>The MPEG ROM File setting allows you to specify the location 
of a MPEG Card's ROM image. While not necessary, it does allow
you to test out the saturn's vcd capabilities.</para>

<para>The Cartridge Type setting allows you to be choose which type
of external cartridge to emulate. Some carts also require you
to supply a rom filename, or a new filename for the emulator to
write to. You can enter that information in the field below it.</para>

<para>When you're done, just click on the "OK" button. If the bios
location was specified correctly, emulation should start and
you will see a bit of a brief animation of the saturn logo
being formed. </para>

<note>Some settings require a restart of the program.</note>
</para>

<para os="linux">
<para>Execute <command>yabause</command>. If yabause was compiled with gtk, the
program should open a window with a menu. Use the
"Open BIOS..." menu entry to choose your bios file.</para>

<para>You can also set a cdrom device with the "Open CDROM..." entry.</para>

<para>Once the BIOS file is choosen, you can start emulation with
the "run" entry.</para>
</para>

<section>
<title>Command line interface</title>
<variablelist>
	<varlistentry>
		<term>-b</term>
		<listitem>Specify bios file.</listitem>
	</varlistentry>
	<varlistentry>
		<term>-c</term>
		<listitem>Specify cd device. <phrase os="linux">You can know which file is used as cd device
		by looking in <filename>/etc/fstab</filename>. It is commonly something like
		<filename>/dev/hdc</filename> or <filename>/dev/hdd</filename> for IDE devices and
		<filename>/dev/scd0</filename> for SCSI devices.</phrase></listitem>
	</varlistentry>
	<varlistentry>
		<term>-i</term>
		<listitem>Specify iso file.</listitem>
	</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</section>

<section>
<title>Keys</title>
<para>Here are the current key mappings(they may be subject to change):

<simplelist type="horiz" columns="2">
	<member><keycap>Up arrow</keycap></member><member>Up</member>
	<member><keycap>Left arrow</keycap></member><member>Left</member>
	<member><keycap>Down arrow</keycap></member><member>Down</member>
	<member><keycap>Right arrow</keycap></member><member>Right</member>
	<member><keycap>k</keycap></member><member>A button</member>
	<member><keycap>l</keycap></member><member>B button</member>
	<member><keycap>m</keycap></member><member>C button</member>
	<member><keycap>u</keycap></member><member>X button</member>
	<member><keycap>i</keycap></member><member>Y button</member>
	<member><keycap>o</keycap></member><member>Z button</member>
	<member><keycap>x</keycap></member><member>Left Trigger</member>
	<member><keycap>z</keycap></member><member>Right Trigger</member>
	<member><keycap>j</keycap></member><member>Start button</member>
	<member><keycap>q</keycap></member><member>Quit program</member>
</simplelist>

</para>
</section>

</chapter>
