<section>
<title>Compilation</title>

<para>Yabause is written in C++ using the SDL and OpenGL libraries,
so you need a working C++ compiler (as g++) and the above
libraries runtime and development packages:
<itemizedlist mark="bullet">
	<listitem>
	<para>you can find SDL at <ulink url="http://www.libsdl.org/">http://www.libsdl.org/</ulink>
	in the download section.</para>
	</listitem>
	<listitem>
	<para>OpenGL should be included with your compiler, if it isn't,
    check on your distribution's website for links.</para>
	</listitem>
	<listitem>
	<para>Yabause can also use the <ulink url="http://www.gtk.org/">GTK library</ulink>.</para>
	</listitem>
</itemizedlist>
</para>

<para>Once these libraries installed, you should be ready to
install Yabause.</para>

<para>The following steps will be different depending on what
compiler you're using. If you're using gnu-based compilers
such as cygwin or mingw, you just have to uncompress the
Yabause source archive, move to the newly created
directory, type "./configure", then "make", it will generate
one program: "yabause.exe" in the "src" directory.
For other compilers, you're on your own at this point.</para>

<para>You can also pass the --enable-debug, --enable-vdp1-debug,
--enable-cd-debug options to the configure script, Yabause
will then print debug messages on the error standard output.</para>

<para>You can even type "make install" to install that program on
your system (in /usr/local/ by default), then uninstalling is
done by typing "make uninstall".</para>

</section>

<section>
<title>Using Yabause</title>

<para>The first requirement is a Saturn ROM BIOS image (hence a Sega
Saturn). Please don't ask us where to get one. </para>

<para>Execute "yabause". The program will open a settings window.</para>

<para>The Drive Letter setting is for you to be able to choose which
cdrom drive you want yabause to use when trying to boot a game.</para>

<para>The Region setting allows you to choose which region of game
you'll be booting. In most cases, it's best to leave it as
"Auto-detect".</para>

<para>The Bios ROM File setting allows you to specify the location
of your Saturn ROM BIOS image. This setting -must- be set to a
valid Saturn ROM BIOS in order for yabause to operate
correctly.</para>

<para>The Backup RAM File setting allows you to specify the location
of the Backup RAM file. This file allows yabause to store and
load save games.</para>

<para>The MPEG ROM File setting allows you to specify the location 
of a MPEG Card's ROM image. While not necessary, it does allow
you to test out the saturn's vcd capabilities.</para>

<para>When you're done, just click on the "OK" button. If the bios
location was specified correctly, emulation should start and
you will see a bit of a brief animation of the saturn logo
being formed. </para>

<para>Here are the current key mappings(they may be subject to change):

<simplelist type="horiz" columns="2">
	<member><keycap>e</keycap></member><member>Up</member>
	<member><keycap>s</keycap></member><member>Left</member>
	<member><keycap>d</keycap></member><member>Down</member>
	<member><keycap>f</keycap></member><member>Right</member>
	<member><keycap>k</keycap></member><member>A button</member>
	<member><keycap>l</keycap></member><member>B button</member>
	<member><keycap>m</keycap></member><member>C button</member>
	<member><keycap>u</keycap></member><member>X button</member>
	<member><keycap>i</keycap></member><member>Y button</member>
	<member><keycap>o</keycap></member><member>Z button</member>
	<member><keycap>x</keycap></member><member>Left Trigger</member>
	<member><keycap>z</keycap></member><member>Right Trigger</member>
	<member><keycap>j</keycap></member><member>Start button</member>
	<member><keycap>q</keycap></member><member>Quit program</member>
</simplelist>

</para>

</section>