.TH YABAUSE 1 "9 february 2004" "yabause-0.0.4"
.SH NAME
yabause \- Yet Another Buggy And Uncomplete Saturn Emulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fByabause\fP --bios (-b) <BIOS> 
.TP
Options : \fB-f\fP | \fB--bin\fP <BINARY>
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fByabause\fP will launch the emulator, and the monitoring program for the sh2 registries.

The monitoring program has four commands:

\fBp\fP - pause the emulator

\fBr\fP - run the emulator

\fBs\fP - step instruction one by one

\fBq\fP - stop emulator and quits monitor.
.SH OPTIONS
\fB-f, --bin\fP	charge a binary at 0x06004000 
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB<BIOS>\fR
A Saturn ROM BIOS image is needed.
.SH BUGS
Lots ;)
.SH AUTHORS
Copyright (c) 2002-2003 Guillaume Duhamel

E-mail:	guillaume.duhamel@univ-rouen.fr

Web:	http://yabause.sourceforge.net

Please don't ask for roms, bios files or any other
copyrighted stuff.
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as 
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of 
the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful,but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
License along with this program; if not, write to the Free
Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston,
MA  02111-1307  USA

See the GNU General Public License details in COPYING.
