.TH YABAUSE 1 "September 5, 2012" "yabause-0.9.12"
.SH NAME
yabause \- Yet Another Buggy And Uncomplete Saturn Emulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yabause
[ \fB\-afh\fP ] [ \fB\-b <BIOS>\fP | \fB\-nb\fP ] [ \fB\-i <ISO>\fP ]
[ \fB\-\-autoload=<SLOT>\fP ]
[ \fB\-\-autostart\fP ]
[ \fB\-\-binary=<BINARY>[:<ADDRESS>]\fP ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBYabause\fP is a Sega Saturn emulator. \fBYabause\fP needs either a bios file, a game or a binary to run.
Games can be loaded from a real cd device or from dump files.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-\-autoload
Automatically start emulation and load a savestate.
.TP
.BI \-a
.TP
.BI \-\-autostart
Automatically start emulation.
.TP
.BI \-b
.TP
.BI \-\-bios
Choose a bios file.
.TP
.BI \-\-binary
Use a binary file. Content of the file will be loaded to 0x06004000 and execution will start from that address.
You can provide an alternative address to load and run the binary with the \-\-binary=<BINARY>:<ADDRESS> syntax.
When using this option, emulation is automatically started and you shouldn't use it in conjunction with \-a.
This option is intended for homebrew developers wanting to test their programs in \fBYabause\fP.
.TP
.BI \-nb
Use the emulated bios.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB<BIOS>\fR
A Saturn ROM BIOS image.
.SH AUTHORS
Copyright (c) 2002-2012 Yabause Team

Web:	http://yabause.org

Please don't ask for roms, bios files or any other
copyrighted stuff.
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as 
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of 
the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful,but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
License along with this program; if not, write to the Free
Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,
Boston, MA 02110-1301  USA

See the GNU General Public License details in COPYING.
